Add Craig Zilles podcast blog post (#178)
PrairieLearn/marketing: src/pages/about/blog/craig-zilles-retakes-at-scale/index.mdx

Craig returns to a practical constraint throughout the episode: retakes become sustainable when the surrounding systems reduce the work required to run another secure exam.

PrairieLearn makes assessment content reusable and generative. Instructors can build question generators, deliver different variants to different students, and provide immediate feedback for many kinds of structured answers. Question variants let students retry the same learning objective without receiving the same exam again.

PrairieTest handles exam operations. Students choose reservation times, testing-center staff handle check-in and proctoring, accommodations and overrides are managed centrally, and exams can run asynchronously across a multi-day window.

PrairieLearn and PrairieTest together support a course rhythm that is hard to sustain with paper exams: short exams with fast feedback and scheduled retakes.

## What scale looks like

> In the new episode, Craig describes the Illinois CBTF as a mature campus service. The facility began as a pilot in 2014 and now operates across four rooms with 260 computers, open 12 hours a day, seven days a week. Craig reports that in the prior fall term, 65 courses used the facility and students took more than 130,000 exams there.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
In the new episode, Craig describes the Illinois CBTF as a mature campus service. The facility began as a pilot in 2014 and now operates across four rooms with 260 computers, open 12 hours a day, seven days a week. Craig reports that in the 2025 fall term, 65 courses used the facility and students took more than 130,000 exams there.
```

<BlogQuote author="Craig Zilles" source="The Grading Podcast">
  Students report significantly lower test anxiety when they know that there's
  going to be a second chance exam offered.
</BlogQuote>

The scale matters because second-chance testing is easier to dismiss when retakes appear to depend on heroic instructor effort. Generated questions, autograding, student self-scheduling, and secure proctored rooms make retakes a normal part of large-course assessment.

## Accommodations are part of the infrastructure

The podcast focuses on retakes, but accommodations are another reason testing centers matter.

PrairieTest centralizes extended time, per-student overrides, reduced-distraction seats, assistive technology, accessible workstations, and special exam procedures. A centralized testing center can keep accommodated exams in the same scheduling and security workflow as the rest of the course instead of forcing each instructor to arrange separate rooms, proctors, and make-up times.

> Accommodations are often treated as exceptions to normal exam logistics. A well-run CBTF treats them as part of normal exam logistics.

Reviewer: Nit: ending the two sentences with the same phrase is maybe what you were going for rhetorically, but it read a little strangely to me. At any rate, I think it's stronger to lead with this.

```suggestion
The podcast focuses on retakes, but accommodations are another reason testing centers matter. Accommodations are often treated as exceptions to normal exam logistics, but a well-run CBTF treats them as routine.

PrairieTest centralizes extended time, per-student overrides, reduced-distraction seats, assistive technology, accessible workstations, and special exam procedures. A centralized testing center can keep accommodated exams in the same scheduling and security workflow as the rest of the course instead of forcing each instructor to arrange separate rooms, proctors, and make-up times.
```
